---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "qnap_containers Data Source - qnap"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# qnap_containers (Data Source)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Read-Only

- `containers` (Attributes List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--containers))

<a id="nestedatt--containers"></a>
### Nested Schema for `containers`

Required:

- `cmd` (String) The command of the container.
- `cpu` (Number) The CPU usage of the container.
- `cpulimit` (Number) The CPU limit of the container.
- `cpupin` (Number) The CPU pin of the container.
- `created` (String) The creation time of the container.
- `image` (String) The image of the container.
- `imageid` (String) The image ID of the container.
- `memory` (Number) The memory usage of the container.
- `memorylimit` (Number) The memory limit of the container.
- `name` (String) The name of the container.
- `privileged` (Boolean) Whether the container is privileged.
- `project` (String) The project of the container.
- `read` (Number) The read of the container.
- `runtime` (String) The runtime of the container.
- `rx` (Number) The RX of the container.
- `startedat` (String) The start time of the container.
- `status` (String) The status of the container.
- `tx` (Number) The TX of the container.
- `type` (String) The type of the container.
- `usedbyinternalservice` (String) The internal service used by the container.
- `uuid` (String) The UUID of the container.
- `write` (Number) The write of the container.

Read-Only:

- `id` (String) The ID of the container.
- `networks` (Attributes List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--containers--networks))
- `portbindings` (Attributes List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--containers--portbindings))

<a id="nestedatt--containers--networks"></a>
### Nested Schema for `containers.networks`

Required:

- `displayname` (String) The display name of the network.
- `gateway` (String) The gateway of the network.
- `id` (String) The ID of the network.
- `ipaddress` (String) The IP address of the network.
- `macaddress` (String) The MAC address of the network.
- `name` (String) The name of the network.
- `networktype` (String) The type of the network.

Optional:

- `isstaticip` (Boolean) Whether the IP address is static.


<a id="nestedatt--containers--portbindings"></a>
### Nested Schema for `containers.portbindings`

Required:

- `container` (Number) The container port of the container.
- `containerip` (String) The container IP of the container port.
- `host` (Number) The host port of the container.
- `hostip` (String) The host IP of the container port.
- `protocol` (String) The protocol of the container port.
