---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "qnap_container Resource - qnap"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# qnap_container (Resource)



## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "qnap_container" "bazarr10" {
  name              = "bazarr-10"
  image             = "linuxserver/bazarr:latest"
  type              = "docker"
  network           = "bridge"
  networktype       = "default"
  removeanonvolumes = true
  restartpolicy = {
    name : "always",
    maximumretrycount : 0,
  }
  cpupin = {
    cpuids : "",
    type : "",
  }
  portbindings = [
    {
      host        = "49116",
      container   = "6767",
      protocol    = "TCP",
      hostip      = "0.0.0.0",
      containerip = "",
    },

  ]
  volumes = [
    {
      type        = "volume"
      name        = "volume_1"
      container   = ""
      source      = "/ZFS530_DATA/.qpkg/container-station/docker/volumes/volume_1/_data"
      destination = "/config"
      permission  = "writable"
    },
  ]
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `image` (String) The image of the container.
- `name` (String) The name of the container.
- `network` (String) The network to connect the container to. Examples of network/networktype compinations: default(the NAT network)/bridge, host/default, bridge/ethx (ethx for the ethernet adaptor you are connecting to when selecting bridge).
- `networktype` (String) The type of the network. Examples of network/networktype compinations: default(the NAT network)/bridge, host/default, bridge/ethx (ethx for the ethernet adaptor you are connecting to when selecting bridge).
- `removeanonvolumes` (Boolean) Whether to remove anonymous volumes associated with the container.
- `status` (String) The state of the container (running, stopped).
- `type` (String) The type of the container.

### Optional

- `autoremove` (Boolean) Whether to automatically remove the container when it exits.
- `cmd` (List of String) The command to run in the container.
- `cpupin` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--cpupin))
- `devices` (Attributes List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--devices))
- `dns` (List of String) The DNS servers for the container.
- `entrypoint` (List of String) The entrypoint for the container.
- `env` (Map of String) The environment variables for the container.
- `hostname` (String) The hostname of the container.
- `ipaddress` (String) The ip address assigned to the container incase a networktype bridge is selected.
- `labels` (Map of String) The labels for the container.
- `openstdin` (Boolean) Whether to open stdin.
- `portbindings` (Attributes List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--portbindings))
- `privileged` (Boolean) Whether to run the container in privileged mode.
- `restartpolicy` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--restartpolicy))
- `runtime` (String) The runtime for the container.
- `tty` (Boolean) Whether to allocate a pseudo-TTY.
- `volumes` (Attributes List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--volumes))

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The ID of the container.
- `last_updated` (String) The last updated timestamp of the container.
- `networks` (Attributes List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--networks))

<a id="nestedatt--cpupin"></a>
### Nested Schema for `cpupin`

Optional:

- `cpuids` (String) The CPU IDs for the container.
- `type` (String) The type of CPU pinning.


<a id="nestedatt--devices"></a>
### Nested Schema for `devices`

Optional:

- `name` (String) The name of the device.
- `permission` (String) The permission for the device.


<a id="nestedatt--portbindings"></a>
### Nested Schema for `portbindings`

Optional:

- `container` (Number) The container port.
- `host` (Number) The host port.
- `hostip` (String) The host IP address.
- `protocol` (String) The protocol used for port binding.


<a id="nestedatt--restartpolicy"></a>
### Nested Schema for `restartpolicy`

Optional:

- `maximumretrycount` (Number) The maximum number of retries for the restart policy.
- `name` (String) The name of the restart policy.


<a id="nestedatt--volumes"></a>
### Nested Schema for `volumes`

Optional:

- `container` (String) The container name for the volume.
- `destination` (String) The destination path for the volume.
- `name` (String) The name of the volume when using type volume only.
- `permission` (String) The permission for the volume.
- `source` (String) The source path for the volume.
- `type` (String) The type of the volume. Only host and volume types are supported. container is not support as it will not be managed properly with terraform


<a id="nestedatt--networks"></a>
### Nested Schema for `networks`

Read-Only:

- `displayname` (String) The display name of the network.
- `gateway` (String) The gateway of the network.
- `id` (String) The ID of the network.
- `ipaddress` (String) The ip address assigned to the network.
- `isstaticip` (Boolean) Whether the network is static IP.
- `macaddress` (String) The MAC address of the network.
- `name` (String) The name of the network.
- `networktype` (String) The type of the network.
